##What We Did Over Break and Week 1:
As of this week, our team is in a pretty good spot concerning work we've done so far and goals we're working on currently and in the future. Sam, Eric and I are all from the same town so we were able to meet up briefly at the beginning of break to determine what we wanted to accomplish. We essentially decided that we wanted each separate piece of our project to basically be in a working prototype state by the end of Week 1 of Winter Term. Each member of our team had previously undertaken a general concern/category within the project. We informed our other team member, Cramer, of our plans following the meeting. We then each made separate progress over the rest of the break. The UI, the data layer/transfer, and the file parser reached a working state during this time period.

The team had scheduled a meeting with Chris Scaffidi (our client) for the end of Week 1, and our general hope was that we could have some of our project pieces complete and put together by that time. Unfortunately, the "assembly" process was much more time consuming than we initially anticipated, even after working a couple dozen hours between us during Week 1. Despite this, Chris was fairly happy with our progress so far and believed we were on track both time-wise and feature-wise. His goal for us was to have a prototype that we would be able to use by the end of February, and a prototype that other CS friends could use by the end of March. We believe these timelines align with Kevin's "alpha" and "beta" dates set on the course website.

##Plans For This Week:
This week, we continue to make progress on each respective feature or function that seems the most relatively crucial to the project. I'm continuing to flesh out the parser->UI data layer so that more parser data can be transferred. We're in a spot where the whole team can work together towards commons goals, rather than individual ones as before break.