## What We Did This Week
The team's main focus was prepping for Expo this week. Our progress report due Monday included our Expo pitch, which summed up the general info we wanted to convey when people came up to us on Friday. After the progress report and a meeting about how we wanted to schedule our time at Expo, we felt we were ready to demo. We did last bits of testing to make sure all features that would be demoed worked as intended. Expo itself went well. The first half of the day was slow; not many industry/academic individuals were present yet. After lunch time picked up a bit and we spoke to many company representatives. The only instance of being "grilled" was by two engineers from Nvidia who asked us "why would we use your tool instead of Intellisense?". We responded that our tool was meant for a newer audience and would generally would be used on lighter platforms than Intellisense. Though this interaction was a bit intense, I feel we represented our project well overall. Most people who stopped by had generally positive remarks on our project, so I feel our project was well received.

## Thoughts on the Year
This project has been extremely educational for me as far as showing the process of moving from design to complete implementation. Our primary issue early on was not nailing down exactly what we were trying to build. A lot of this was figured out as we built it, requiring a few redesigns in the middle of our work. My recommendation to myself for future projects, even if working with peers, it to have a definitive designer who makes the final design on all aspects of the project. As it was, the 4 members of our team each had a slightly different idea of what we were doing until we actually had to merge those features together. On this theme, I feel I have significantly improved my ability to work as part of a team on this project. Prior project only required that I do my own part, then add it to the rest of the team's work at the end. This project required true coordination, a skill I believe is imperative to all software development.

If I were the client for our project, I would be happy with the design and core project that's been developed. I'm not sure I would be happy with the product we presented at Expo, only because I know the particulars of what was presented: a small subset of the use cases our product claims to meet. Our product is on the verge of meeting so many more use cases and legitimate use, except that largely due to deadlines and burnout, we only developed what was absolutely necessary. I believe with perhaps as little as a few more weeks of full time development, our project could be very impressive. As it stands, it is a successful proof of concept only. 

This project was a very beneficial experience. It taught me many lessons on software programming, both technical and team-oriented. It gave me a new perspective on what's required in making a brand new piece of software. Though some of the classroom elements of this project may have been a bit contrived for the sake of a grade, the project itself was a practical experience. I know college can only have so many long term projects fit into it, but I feel a few more assignments of larger scale would be more beneficial than the week to week work we normally do. 

